How did you learn to sign?
I learned because my parents are Deaf.
I developed my signing from my parents and then I enrolled in the Al-Amal school for the Deaf and kept learning their from my peers.
What about you?
When I first started school, my signing wasn't very strong yet...
I was progressing with learning to sign when I found out that the Association is here in Mansheyya so I went here and developed a lot more.
Hey, Tell him that the association here is like our mother.
Hey- So in school we just learn a little bit. After finishing school, we go to the association.
This place is where they learn. This place is the mother to all the Alexandrian Deaf community. Does he understand?
The association is old-- it's been here since 1957.
Hey, so there's a Deaf school and there's a Hard of Hearing school and in the end they both come here to the Association.
At the school, the education isn't so good.
The association plans Deaf Education.
Here we take care of psychological needs.
Our education and development is in a huge part thanks to this place!
Can you read and write Arabic well, or not?
In school here there is no proper upbringing at all-- zero at all.
I was motivated to learn myself.
Regarding learning, my parents taught me a little bit, and I add a bit to that bit myself.
That's all.
Also, I'm strong in mathematics.
If I read something and don't know a word, my hearing brother tells me and then I know it. But at the Al-Amal School for the Deaf there was never education.